so outside the Animus what you're doing
here is finding some extra power to
supply it's this one like fast motion or
something your animus chair he runs like
really kind of goofy yeah this is a
normal speed unless I accidentally click
something no it doesn't look like it
would say like something 150 percent if
it was sped up so just look for these
like white lines on the buildings and
that means there's one of these power
things and you're buying you just go up
and press a button you're go press B and
he puts what like an explosive charge on
it or loop something that's rerouting
the power to your base a wireless power
sure oh the future wireless power twenty
ten or twenty twenty twelve this takes
place mm-hmm
so yeah like basically when you're out
of the Animus your only thing that can
help you as eagle vision which is what
I'm in so you have to hold down Y and to
get this vision and see how I come out
of it when I get to the thing and then
you got to go back in it so you tape the
button down essentially no you just hold
it down like if you press it that means
like call your horse when you're in that
matrix
oh we ponen the song right but if you
hold it it goes into like eagle eye
like I just made a compilation exactly
oh this is gonna get flagged for copier
no I just made a list of for our next
podcast like top 5 game
I should like top our songs from games
that's gonna be rough for me and that
was one of the were like I was just
browsing through YouTube and all the
Zelda songs and stuff and that came up
recently cause that's games got some
good music yeah Ocarina of Time oh my
gosh and you don't have a health bar in
real life only in the matrix no health
bar yeah I don't think you can die when
you're out of the Animus oh yeah
I bet you can I bet you can't I don't
know what happens if you do
but I didn't once the game
self-destructs well right you fail yeah
miserably you have sacrificed $60
because you clearly do not deserve to
have to play the game right and you're
clearly lost right now no I know where
I'm going I just there's gonna be an
easier way I'm like there should be an
easy way and then I finally see these
bars on the wall no there you go but
yeah so some of these videos going to be
starting the voiceovers in the middle
after cutscenes mmm just so I can say
mm-hmm cuz there's some things that need
to be said you should cut it in two
different videos
Manuel want me for future ones you
should well it depends on the length of
them but yeah
I'm back just in time the sun's rising
yes it's booted we're good to go
did you miss me no anyone hello I'm not
speaking out loud
hello we're colleagues let's get started